[Mod] Option to DM user with kick/ban reason. (#2990)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: changelog.d/mod/2990.enhance.rst

> Added a `modset toggledm` to toggle kick/bans sending an embed to the user detailing the reason for the kickban, the server they were kickedbanned and if it was a kick or a ban.

Reviewer: Here are some minor improvements to the changelog, 
```suggestion
Added a ``[p]modset toggledm`` to toggle kick/bans sending an embed to the user detailing the reason for the kick/ban, the server they were kicked/banned from and if it was a kick or a ban.
```
